He is the son of the Pangu Group
Son of Su Mingyue, the richest man in the country
I've never heard of it.
Su Mingyue's son is called Xu Baichuan
well known
The son of Pangu Group has always kept a low profile
Never show up
What's more, you have a small dress
Is it normal not to have heard of this son's name?
Right? Is that possible?
The son of Pangu Group is not you
It's me Fu Yan
He is Mr. Su's son
Still want to rent a house
This guy is blowing me up
Happy dare to pretend to be my son
You don't want to live anymore
Joke if you were Mr. Su's son
How can you possibly rent a house?
Buy the whole neighborhood without blinking
Xia Qing, you were deceived by him
Xu Baichuan is not Su Mingyue's son at all
Xia Meng, I think you are jealous of me
I have been stronger than you since I was a child
Find a man who is better than you
You are jealous
You don't have to call a deer a horse and turn black and white
Xu Baichuan
Do you have any evidence that you are Mr. Su's son?
coincidence
We were planning to go out to my villa for a party
My mother just arrived in Fengcheng
He bought Tianhu Villa No. 1 as a foothold
You don't know that.
Ah Tianhu No. 1
It's really my home
Ah!
Look after the key to my villa
You're with me
Just in time to take you to the world